Long Night
Cover the world
And the creed is the light from the new world
Only blood can wash it all away
Only blood can open the door to a new world
But if so
How many innocent people are killed indiscriminately?
Hahaha it's over
I will no longer persuade you to be stubborn
The world is waiting for the arrival of the new world
Look at those corrupt officials drinking and having fun
People in the slums
How miserable they are
Only take up the sickle in your hand
Stir up a storm
To rid the world of all evil
So
You let Gwaner stir up the world's disputes
But for your evil new world
Too bad your plan fell through again
Lin Fan
Your soul has been dirty for a long time
Unfortunately, there is no cure
There are so many ways to save people in the early morning
But definitely not indiscriminate
There would have been nothing new.
Lin Fan, you are wrong.
The new world is coming
True creed
Coming soon.
I wish you forgiveness.
Let your creed lead you to new power.
The night fades away
Glory to letter
Hahaha
Here comes the real creed
Hahaha here comes the real creed
It came hahahahahahaha